hey everybody today I'm gonna be showing
you a couple of Lalaloopsy toys
I have Rosie's pet hospital and I also
have a 10 pack of Love Lucy Tiny's with
one surprise character I'm going to go
ahead and start with Rosie's pet
hospital first
I believe I found this set at Toys R Us
for $9.99 I have everybody out of the
box so here are the characters that come
inside
of course you get Rosie and here she is
wearing a pink dress blue hair and pink
bows also inside the set you get this
adorable black and white puppy oh I love
the red bow an injured pet I do believe
this is a bear and the poor thing looks
like it's been in an accident a hospital
bed and I love how they use the
thermometers as bed posts what a cute
little detail this also tiny stethoscope
this doctors clipboard
I like the band-aid detail on the back
and of course here is Rosie's pet
hospital I love the detail the band-aids
on the side of the roof so adorable the
door doesn't open but it does come with
several windows on the front and side
the house works kind of like a case so
you just need to turn the heart and the
whole back of the house opens up to
reveal the inside there are some
stickers on the floor you see there's a
wooden floor with a rug and a dog bone
and there's several different
compartments so you could store all your
Lalaloopsy tinies in the hospital
we'll just turn the heart to lock it up
and these are now all ready to be stored
or to take along with you on your
travels but I'm trying to do this review
pinky it's not surprise egg time pinky
don't you think it's time to wash off
your zuma tattoo you can barely see his
face anymore
Zuma he's my favorite well what kind of
a surprise egg did you bring us pinky oh
it's a My Little Pony surprise egg oh
how adorable well okay I guess since
we're already here mmm chocolate
oh this chocolate smells wonderful pinky
all right all right if I can carefully
open up this chocolate ah there we go
and I wonder what our toy is
oh you're not gonna believe this pinkie
is you yeah it is a mini me pinkie
here are the other ponies in the
collection oh these are from Russia
those are super cool old pinkie you
forgot your chocolate oh wait a minute
this chocolate is gonna be all mine mmm
delicious chocolate well moving right
along to our Lalaloopsy tinies 10 piece
set with our suprise character this is
series 2 and I think I found this at
Walmart for somewhere around eight or
nine dollars now then I finally have
them out of the packaging let me show
you each one up close and personal
last is our surprise character who is it
it's pepper pots and pans well I hope
you guys enjoyed watching me open the
Lalaloopsy tinies 10 pack and Rosie's
pet hospital I'm acquiring quite a lot
of the Lalaloopsy tinies so I may do a
collection video in the future thank you
guys so much for watching be sure to
subscribe if you're not subscribed and
we'll see you in the next video